<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>


<p>Effective date: November 22, 2019</p>


<p>TacoCatApp ("us", "we", or "our") operates the TacoCat App mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").</p>

<p>This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.</a>.</p>

<p>By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.</p>

<h2>Definitions</h2>
<ul>
    <li>
        <p><strong>Service</strong></p>
                <p>Service is the TacoCat App mobile application operated by TacoCat App</p>
            </li>
    <li>
        <p><strong>Personal Data</strong></p>
        <p>Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <p><strong>Usage Data</strong></p>
        <p>Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</p>
    </li>
</ul>

<h2>Information Collection and Use</h2>
<p>We do not collect any Personal Data.</p>

<h3>Types of Data Collected</h3>

<h4>Voice Data</h4>
<p>While using our Service, you record your voice so that the app can play it backwards. We store this voice data on third-party sites in order for the app to function. The information is not personally identifiable and we will not use the data for any purpose other than the app. 

<h2>Use of Voice Data</h2>
    
<p>TacoCat App uses the collected data for various purposes:</p>    
<ul>
    <li>To provide and maintain the Service</li>
    <li>To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so</li>
</ul>

<h2>Transfer Of Data</h2>
<p>Your Voice Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.</p>
<p>If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Voice Data, to United States and process it there.</p>
<p>Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.</p>
<p>TacoCatApp will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.</p>

<h2>Disclosure Of Data</h2>

<h3>Legal Requirements</h3>
<p>TacoCat App may disclose your Voice Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:</p>
<ul>
    <li>To comply with a legal obligation</li>
    <li>To protect and defend the rights or property of TacoCatApp</li>
    <li>To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service</li>
    <li>To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public</li>
    <li>To protect against legal liability</li>
</ul>

<p>As an European citizen, under GDPR, you have certain individual rights. You can learn more about these guides in the <a href="https://termsfeed.com/blog/gdpr/#Individual_Rights_Under_the_GDPR">GDPR Guide</a>.</p>

<h2>Security of Data</h2>
<p>The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Voice Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.</p>

<h2>Service Providers</h2>
<p>We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.</p>
<p>These third parties have access to your Voice Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.</p>


<h2>Children's Privacy</h2>
<p>Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").</p>
<p>We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.</p>


<h2>Changes to This Privacy Policy</h2>
<p>We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>
<p>We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.</p>
<p>You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.</p>


<h2>Contact Us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:</p>
<ul>
        <li>By email: andresfcamacho@gmail.com</li>
          
        </ul>
